feat(datasource/hexpm-bob): Support hex.pm "Bob the builder" datasource (#18925)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/datasource/hexpm-bob/readme.md

This datasource returns releases from [Bob the builder](https://github.com/hexpm/bob).

Supported values for `packageName`:

> - `elixir` - [elixir](https://elixir-lang.org/)
> - `otp/[OS/Version]` - [Erlang/OTP](https://www.erlang.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `elixir`, [Elixir homepage](https://elixir-lang.org/)
- `otp/[OS/Version]`, [Erlang/OTP homepage](https://www.erlang.org/)
```

> Supported Operating Systems / Versions:
> 
> See <https://github.com/hexpm/bob#erlang-builds>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [Bob the builder docs, Erlang builds](https://github.com/hexpm/bob#erlang-builds) for a list of supported operating systems and versions.
```
